Pay court or it's Bruno here.
Hey listen we've been getting some complaints that some of the users can see other user information.
And I think we need a secure way to manage sessions on our smart brain up.
Can you help us with that.
Nice.
Thanks Cotai by the way.
All right.
We're going to get into a topic that is going to run the next couple of sections and it is a big topic
but we're going to be using different tools in order to implement what Bruno asked us to do and that
is a secure way to manage sessions.
That is how can I make sure that when a user signs in and they refresh a page they're still able to
stay signed in.
They don't have to constantly sign into our app every single time they come back to it.
Especially if they have their browsers open.
And we also don't want other people to see other users profile.
It's a problem that everybody needs to solve when creating an app especially an app that has users.
You have to manage sessions and over the next couple sections.
This is what we're going to do.
We're going to implement sessions.
It's going to be a fun one Southsea inside.